Hey
how's it going Dave Judy here so I want
to do a quick video to talk about two
upcoming laptops that were showcased at
Computex the first one I caught my eye
was the Asus zephyrus so this is their
new ultra thin ultra light gaming laptop
that's actually packing in GTX 1080 so
this is the world's thinnest laptop with
a GTX 1080 it's thinner than the ARS x7
thinner than the Razer Blade Pro it's
even thinner than the new Acer chiding
700 the thing is gtx 1080 chips run hot
like really hot so manufacturers tend
not to put those GPUs into these thin
and light chassis because it's just
asking for trouble to happen down the
road the ACS is a little bit different
you'll notice that the keyboard and
track that are shifted down the top half
of the deck is essentially a giant grill
right on top of the CPU and GPU to allow
for a better airflow secondly the bottom
of the laptop shifts so when you open it
the hinge mechanism actually opens up
this gap on the side of the device to
allow for more airflow and when you
close it
everything seals back up and the third
thing and I think this is the most
important thing is that the GTX 1080 in
this thing is one of the new max-q GPUs
from Nvidia and these are essentially
just more power efficient versions of
these GPS they're not like a new
fabrication or anything they're probably
just going onto the line picking up the
ones with the best thermal
characteristics so the ones that have
the least current leakage so you can
under a little bit and just deliver
those as max Q GTS
I'm not trying to belittle what NVIDIA
has done here I think it's awesome for
the consumer it's just not a brand new
fabrication or anything like that
now with this reduced power consumption
and reduce the thermal output I wouldn't
be surprised if you're getting slightly
reduced performance as well but we'll
have to see when the review unit comes
in to top it off the ACS zephyrus is
decked out with some really nice gamer
oriented features but the big one for me
is 120 Hertz and gsync panel and I've
said this before but when you play games
on a really high end GPU you got to pair
it up with a nice display like this so
you can actually make use of those
frames the paper specs are awesome and
visually it's pretty unique it's not
going to be everyone's favorite design
but there's a huge amount of
functionality here and not just
aesthetics
so the other laptop that caught my eye
was the Asus Zenbook Pro the UX 550 and
this is a device that I think a lot of
you guys would be interested in as well
because it's something that well it's
functional not just like super cool it's
a thin and light laptop with a gtx 1050
TI 4k screen and all the usual trimmings
for premium high-end laptops the base
model starts at $1,300 but once you deck
it out with all the good stuff I
wouldn't be surprised if it's close to
like 18 or maybe in $2,000 now the
design is actually very similar to the
Asus Zenbook 3 so this is their
ultrabook and it's got the whole focus
on thin and light design with really
good build quality and the chamfered
edges look awesome the UX 550 has all
this stuff as well now aside from good
looks the thing that makes the Zen Book
Pro special is a 1050 Ti that thing
handled 1080p gaming really nicely it's
kind of like the sweet spot for laptop
gaming not just in terms of pricing and
performance but also in terms of thermal
you don't need something super thick to
cool a 1050 Ti now the paper specs are
awesome but there's two things like kind
of worried me the first is the build
quality so the Zen book 3 was built
really well supid sin but the older
generations end book wasn't amazing and
when I saw a clip of someone pressing
down on that new Zen book Pro that
worried me now I don't know if it was
like a full retail version that she was
playing with it could have been an
earlier prototype or something I'm
hopefully led with an earlier prototype
because if the final version has that
kind of flex that's gonna be
disappointing the second thing is the
thermal management now asus normally has
pretty good thermal management on their
laptops it's just that this is a thin
and light one the 1050 Ti it's not a
superhot chip it's relatively easy to
cool it's just I hope asus has done it
properly ok hope you guys enjoyed this
video I'll be doing full reviews for
both these devices the ACS Zephyrus as
well as the Zen Book Pro I'm more
interested in the Zen Book Pro because
that's just a device that I mean it's
just right up my alley super thin super
light 1050 Ti what's not to like write
something like this video subs we loved
it see you guys next time
[Music]